Feature/themes and rqdata (#11)
hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha: README.md

- **`showLoading`** _(Bool)_ - show loading indicator for webview till hCaptcha web content loads?
- **`loadingIndicatorColor`** _(String)_ - color for the ActivityIndicator
- **`backgroundColor`** _(String)_ - background color used in HTML

> - **`theme`** _(String|Object)_ - theme for hcaptcha can be 'light', 'dark', 'contrast' or custom theme object (see Enterprise docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`theme`** _(String|Object)_ - `theme` parameter can be 'light', 'dark', 'contrast' or custom theme object (see Enterprise docs)
```

- **`showLoading`** _(Bool)_ - show loading indicator for webview till hCaptcha web content loads?
- **`loadingIndicatorColor`** _(String)_ - color for the ActivityIndicator
- **`backgroundColor`** _(String)_ - background color used in HTML
- **`theme`** _(String|Object)_ - `theme` parameter can be 'light', 'dark', 'contrast' or custom theme object (see Enterprise docs)

> - **`rqdata`** _(String)_ - custom supplied challenge data (see Enterprise docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`rqdata`** _(String)_ - see Enterprise docs
```
